Add a /V option to CHKDSK which perform disk validation using the 1541's "V0" command. Update the help with the following text for the switch: "Checks and fixes errors on the disk." I do not have any examples of what native 1541 validation shows (in BASIC at least) if problems are detected, so see if you can find documentation on that or simulate it in VICE; and generate suitable DOS-style messages based on that, if possible.

New command: ATTRIB. It mimicks working with file attributes in classic DOS. The 1541 implements a "lock bit" that indicates that a file is read-only, so that maps neatly to the R attribute in DOS. The other ones (A, S, H) are not cleanly implementable, so let's leave those out for now, making ATTRIB essentially just a command to toggle write protection. (There is an unused bit 4 in the file type byte in a directory entry that may still be of some use in the future to implement custom attributes.)

Running ATTRIB without arguments shows a directory listing with attributes for each file. Sample output:

`  R    MCS-DOS
       MANUAL.TXT
       LICENSE.TXT
  R    COMMANDS.HLP
       AUTOEXEC.BAT`

Help text:

`Displays or changes file attributes

ATTRIB [+R | -R] [[drive:]filename]

  +   Sets an attribute.
  -   Clears an attribute.
  R   Read-only file attribute.`

New command: UNDELETE. The 1541 file system features a file type "DEL", which indicates a previously deleted file. Normally, they are not displayed in a directory listing, but it should be possible to retrieve the directory entries (I know some C64 software does). And by changing the file type bits, we could therefore effectively undelete these files. We just have to know what file type to restore to (which I believe is not preserved upon deletion, but we can let the user specify it. No need to validate if it's correct, it's at the user's own risk.).

Help text:

`Restores files previously deleted with the DEL command.

UNDELETE [drive:][filename] filetype
UNDELETE [/LIST]

  /LIST     Lists the deleted files
            available to be recovered.
  filetype  Identifies the type of file
            to restore to: PRG, REL,
            SEQ, or USR.`

New command: SPLASH. It simply shows the boot splash screen. No parameters. Help text is "Shows the MCS-DOS splash screen."
The four second delay at boot does not need to be repeated, just return directly to the prompt.

New command: CONCAT. It creates a new file by concatenating two or more existing files, using the 1541's "C0" command. Note that the 1541 command string is limited to 40 characters in length, so account for that. Throw an error "File list too long" if that is the case.

Help text:

Creates a new file by concatenating two
or more existing files on the same disk.

CONCAT newfile file1 file2 [file3...]

  newfile      The name of a new file.
  file1,2...   A list of existing files
               on disk.
  
Due to 1541 limitations, the number of
files you can specify may be limited
depending on file name lengths.

I believe these are fairly modest additions, but if it turns out the build does exceed the memory limit, do not revert anything. We will find savings elsewhere.
